Port to 26.2 (#645)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/items/first-item.md

If you aren't aware, everything in Minecraft is stored in registries, and items are no exception to that.

> ## Preparing Your Item Ids Class {#preparing-your-item-ids-classes}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Preparing Your Item IDs Class {#preparing-your-item-ids-classes}
```

> We'll start by creating a class that holds the name of our item, stored as a `ResourceKey`. A `ResourceKey` holds the name of the mod, the name of the item, and what registry it is for. We'll create a method that creates a `ResourceKey` from our item's name, filling in the rest of the data with constants like the item registry and the mod's id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll start by creating a class that holds the name of our item, stored as a `ResourceKey`. A `ResourceKey` holds the name of the mod, the name of the item, and what registry it is for.

We'll implement a helper method that creates a `ResourceKey` given an item's name; it will fill in the rest of the data with constants, like the item registry and the mod's ID.
```

> These references to the item are used for data generating item tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These references to the item are used for [data-generating item tags](../data-generation/tags).
```

Ditto about "For example", or "can be used"

You can put this method in a class called `ModItemIds` (or whatever you want to name the class).

> Mojang does this with their items as well! Check out the `ItemIds` class for inspiration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip

Mojang does this with their items as well! Check out the `ItemIds` class for inspiration.

:::
```

<<< @/reference/latest/src/main/java/com/example/docs/item/ModItemIds.java#mod_item_ids_class

## Preparing Your Items Class {#preparing-your-items-class}

> To simplify the registering of items, you can create a method that accepts a resource key, some item properties and a factory to create the `Item` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify the registering of items, you can create a method that accepts a resource key, some item properties, and a factory to create the `Item` instance.
```
